Updates 2.0.4 issue 93 (#157)
riscv/riscv-trace-spec: payload.adoc

|*subformat*| 2| 11 (support): Supporting information for the decoder
|*ienable*| 1| Indicates if the instruction trace encoder is enabled
|*encoder_mode*| N| Identifies trace algorithm Details and number of
bits implementation dependent. Currently, Branch Trace is the only mode
defined, indicated by the value 0.
|*qual_status*| 2| 00 (no_change): No change to filter qualification +

> 01 (ended_rep): Qualification ended, preceding *te_inst* sent explicitly to indicate final qualification

Reviewer: In reviewing where this text exists in the existing PDF, I notice that it doesn't properly show any of the 2-bit values before the parentheses.  That should be fixed so people know what the encodings are.

Author: That was a failure of the semi-automatic LaTeX to adoc conversion process that got missed at the time.  I had fixed many of these, but your comment prompted me to do a thorough review and I found a few more, which I have now fixed and included in the PR.

to the opposite value to *updiscon* if a misprediction occurs.

In some cases it is also necessary to report the current stack depth or

> call count if the packet is reporting the  nstruction innediately before an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
call count if the packet is reporting the instruction immediately before an
```

|*branch_count*| 32| Count of the number of correctly predicted
branches, minus 31.
|*branch_fmt*| 2| 10 (addr): Packet contains an *address*. If this
points to a branch instruction, then the branch was predicted correctly. +

> 10 (addr-fail): Packet contains an *address* that points to a branch which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11 (addr-fail): Packet contains an *address* that points to a branch which
```
